and this is the that the mahi-mahi here
so you can see it really is quite a
meaty fish isn't it yes and what you've
done with this is you've pre-marinated
with a touch of garlic and lime
that's exactly its did it develop the
teeth right that's what you want that
little give that little entities in it
that citrus point that little acidity
exactly garlic happening behind zactly
sounds good to me so there's been done
and I suppose you could do that the day
before or just a couple of hours in
advance of an e doing it a day before
which it's much better much better of
course when you say that your face
lights up you know you can tell the chef
there thinks the day before I want the
maximum flavor and that's exactly what
you've done for me here
now this is freshly grated coconut what
we're going to do is just make a little
crust isn't this so basically if I was
to pop that on top there and to this you
want to add some fresh thyme fresh thyme
so that's probably about a teaspoon a
little bit more a little bit more that's
okay
okay touch of seasoning and you can
imagine just how easy this is you know
is that kind of fresh coconut great away
you've got the time there as well salt
and pepper and that is it so you can
feel a little bit of heat always welcome
here in the Caribbean that's true okay
so that's that first stage now we don't
go dipping this into any egg or anything
you just go straight in straight under
there literally straight in spinning and
then I can pack some more on top of it
yeah a little Eva now is this a
traditional dish yeah ah
so it's not shift speciality just
something that you've done many many
times or girl that looks lovely doesn't
it really really lovely very simple but
I think that is also going to be very
very tasty
that's stage one something else we've
got to do now of course I mentioned that
we were going to be making a sound sir
now you've got a whole selection of our
ingredients here in slavers because
we've got of course the pineapple itself
that's the black pineapple now what is
the story about this chef I mean that
doesn't look very black to me well it's
not really black okay
but the story about this pineapple is
that it's our different taste to any
other pineapple in the world and the
color also of the core it's much
brighter than any other planet will find
well I'll prepare that in a moment so I
just want to show everybody else the
other ingredients we've got here because
we've got finely chopped onion you've
got some green pepper and I believe
you're gonna chop a little bit more in a
bit right you've got here what you call
the seasoning that's as extra flavor and
to enhance that again touch of sugar
we've got some white wine vinegar and
we're going to use some olive on so
chef's if you're going to chop up that
term that pepper that I think you've got
a knife there as well nice and small and
I'm gonna cut this up so let's just chop
around here and take all this skin off
and you can see now already the richness
of this it's looking stunning
I mean is it got a very short season or
can you get it throughout the year
no it's very seasonal when it comes
around you make sure you use it and take
advantage that's right
you